Add location for Kubernetes Icon it self (#7921)
kubernetes/community: icons/README.md

These icons are a way to standardize Kubernetes architecture diagrams for presentation. Having uniform architecture diagrams improve understandibility.

> Icon for Kubernetes it self can find at https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/logo .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The icon for Kubernetes itself can be found at https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/tree/master/logo .
```
+1 to add this.

Author: fixed https://github.com/kubernetes/community/pull/7921/commits/e0841081d244822c82dc0d46871030f86ec53311
